README.md, before:

## Introduction 
LambdaNative is an open-source (BSD licensed) cross-platform development environment written in Scheme ([Gambit-C](https://github.com/feeley/gambit)), supporting Android, iOS, BlackBerry 10, OS X, Linux, Windows, OpenBSD, NetBSD, FreeBSD and OpenWrt.

If you use the LambdaNative framework for your own work, please reference this [ICFP paper](http://ecem.ece.ubc.ca/~cpetersen/lambdanative_icfp13.pdf).
A slideshow describing the LambdaNative framework is available [here](https://github.com/part-cw/lambdanative/blob/master/docs/LambdaNative.pdf?raw=true).

`uSquish`, the simple example game included in the LambdaNative repository, is available as a free download on the Apple and Google stores: [uSquish for iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/usquish/id647308142) and [uSquish for Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ca.bccw.usquish)

## Documentation 
Instructions for getting started and API documentation can be found in the wiki:
[ **LambdaNative Documentation and Support** ](../../wiki/Home)

## Feedback and Contributions
Please help contribute bug reports, code fixes (ideally in the form of pull requests), corrections and missing information about API calls using the project's [issue tracker](https://github.com/part-cw/lambdanative/issues?direction=desc&page=1&sort=created&state=open). You might find solutions to past problems in the [closed issues](https://github.com/part-cw/lambdanative/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed). We also recently added a beta [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/part-cw/lambdanative/discussions) feature for general discussions. Finally, to contribute documentation and examples, please modify the [wiki](../../wiki/Home) directly. - Your contributions are much appreciated!

Commit message:

README: uSquish no longer in app stores (#449)

README.md, after:

## Introduction 
LambdaNative is an open-source (BSD licensed) cross-platform development environment written in Scheme ([Gambit-C](https://github.com/feeley/gambit)), supporting Android, iOS, BlackBerry 10, OS X, Linux, Windows, OpenBSD, NetBSD, FreeBSD and OpenWrt.

If you use the LambdaNative framework for your own work, please reference this [ICFP paper](http://ecem.ece.ubc.ca/~cpetersen/lambdanative_icfp13.pdf).
A slideshow describing the LambdaNative framework is available [here](https://github.com/part-cw/lambdanative/blob/master/docs/LambdaNative.pdf?raw=true).

The repository contains a number of [demonstration programs](apps), inlcuding the games [uSquish](apps/USquish) and [LineDrop](apps/LineDrop), and a [Calculator](apps/Calculator).

## Documentation 
Instructions for getting started and API documentation can be found in the wiki:
[ **LambdaNative Documentation and Support** ](../../wiki/Home)

## Feedback and Contributions
Please help contribute bug reports, code fixes (ideally in the form of pull requests), corrections and missing information about API calls using the project's [issue tracker](https://github.com/part-cw/lambdanative/issues?direction=desc&page=1&sort=created&state=open). You might find solutions to past problems in the [closed issues](https://github.com/part-cw/lambdanative/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed). We also recently added a beta [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/part-cw/lambdanative/discussions) feature for general discussions. Finally, to contribute documentation and examples, please modify the [wiki](../../wiki/Home) directly. - Your contributions are much appreciated!
